OpenTelemetry docs: Point links to new locations, fix broken anchors, improve phrasing (#17829)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-best-practices-traces.mdx

OpenTelemetry provides a rich tracing ecosystem, with an [API](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/api/) for recording trace telemetry, an [SDK](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/trace/sdk/) for exporting span data, and [context propagation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/context/api-propagators/) for tracing across application boundaries.

> This page describes how New Relic handles OpenTelemetry spans it receives via the [New Relic OTLP endpoint](/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-otlp). Integrating OpenTelemetry traces with New Relic requires configuring the trace source to export to this endpoint - please review endpoint configuration requirements. For information on configuring services with OpenTelemetry traces,  see [OpenTelemetry APM monitoring](/docs/opentelemetry/get-started/apm-monitoring/opentelemetry-apm-intro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how New Relic handles OpenTelemetry spans it receives via the New Relic OTLP endpoint. To send OpenTelemetry traces to New Relic, you'll need to configure your trace source to export data to the New Relic OpenTelemetry Collector (OTLP) endpoint (see [New Relic OTLP endpoint](/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-otlp) for specific endpoint configuration requirements).  For information on configuring services with OpenTelemetry traces, see [OpenTelemetry APM monitoring](/docs/opentelemetry/get-started/apm-monitoring/opentelemetry-apm-intro).
```
